Use table function name as the returned column name (#12559)
crate/crate: docs/config/node.rst

    ``ANY`` operators on arrays of that length can lead to heavy memory,
    consumption which could cause nodes to crash with OutOfMemory exceptions.

Legacy
=======

.. _legacy.table_function_column_naming:

**legacy.table_function_column_naming**
  | *Default:* ``false``
  | *Runtime:* ``no``

  Since CrateDB 5.0.0, if the table function is not aliased and is returning a
  base data type, the table function name is used as the column name. This
  setting can be set in order to use the naming convention prior to 5.0.0.

  .. NOTE::

    To be precise, the table functions affected are ``unnest``,
    ``regexp_matches``, and ``generate_series`` which will return the output

>     column names as ``col1`` when set. Any other table functions defined after

Reviewer: `regexp_matches` returns `groups` instead of `col1` in legacy mode, no?

Author: Yes, will fix this. Thanks :+1:

    CrateDB 5.0.0 will not be affected.

> 

Reviewer 2: Any other suggestion?

> 

Author: how about `legacy.table_function_column_naming_before_5.0`? I thought it should be more clear that not all table functions will return `col1`. Or maybe `legacy` implies that already.

    ``ANY`` operators on arrays of that length can lead to heavy memory,
    consumption which could cause nodes to crash with OutOfMemory exceptions.

Legacy
=======

.. _legacy.table_function_column_naming:

**legacy.table_function_column_naming**
  | *Default:* ``false``
  | *Runtime:* ``no``

  Since CrateDB 5.0.0, if the table function is not aliased and is returning a
  single base data typed column, the table function name is used as the column
  name. This setting can be set in order to use the naming convention prior to
  5.0.0.

>   .. NOTE::
> 
>     To be precise, the table functions affected are ``unnest``,
>     ``regexp_matches``, and ``generate_series``. When the setting is set and
>     a single column is expected to be returned, the returned column will be
>     named ``col1``, ``groups``, or ``col1`` respectively.
>     Any other table functions defined after CrateDB 5.0.0 will not be affected.

Reviewer 2: I think this should be part of the normal documentation, I see no need for put it into a Note.
Also, if all affected functions are explicit listed, I see no need to mention that future function will not be affected.

```suggestion
  The following table functions are affected by this setting:

  - :ref:`unnest`,
  - :ref:`regexp_matches <table-functions-regexp-matches>`
  - :ref:`generate_series <table-functions-generate-series>`

  When the setting is set and a single column is expected to be returned,
  the returned column will be named ``col1``, ``groups``, or ``col1``
  respectively.
```
